Now that you understand the benefits
of becoming a customer-centered
organization, the next question
is, well, but, and what
to do?
Because this is very difficult.
In fact, there are very
few organizations that have really
implanted these principles
in their DNA, in their systems,
in their operations, in the
metrics, very few.
Well, what we're going to see today is
to understand what the leverage is, to
have that vision.
Then what we will have to do
is go into detail on each
of them.
I have shared it with my hand
and hand.
The first of them is, and the most
important, I would say, where it
all starts, is that we have to
understand our customers very well.
To know is not to know.
Knowing is knowing who they are.
Understanding goes far beyond.
We need to know what problems they
have, how they think, how they
are, how we can help them, etc.
This knowledge is very valuable.
And what we're going to do is,
we'll learn to segment, we'
ll learn to make a customer
person, we'll learn
to use the patilla map, etc.
Any effort we make to understand
our customers will be little.
This is really different in
any business.
What we're going to do is, we're
going to live the customer's experience
from their shoes, from their
point of view.
We will live the journey of the customer.
Why is it?
This will allow us to create
better experiences.
We know him, we know how he is,
we know how he thinks, we know
what keys to play.
And what we're going to do is now
analyze how you feel when
you have an interaction with
us, the customer journey.
Well, all this, all this is very nice,
but I tell you that then it is very
difficult to manage.
It is very difficult.
Why is it?
Because you have in mind that you
usually have hundreds or thousands
or millions of customers, there are
dozens of touch points, a lot of information
is generated and this is very
difficult to manage.
So what we need to do is
to implement the right systems.
The appropriate systems to measure
each of those interactions and
to manage the relationship with
the customer.
And what we will do is, we will
study the methodology or philosophy
of customer relationship
management, of CRM, which is
not just a technology, but
is a way of managing customers.
Each company will have to have
different systems.
There are more and more tools that
allow us to permanently measure
what happens to customers, we will see.
Another important key is
the metric.
You have in mind that
organizations usually set metrics
that are related to
their business goals, which
depending on the company,
but basically usually
sales, increase Think
of the metrics you have
named, sales, profits.
Where is the customer here?
The customer here is a means
to this.
What we have to do is use metrics
that are related to the value
we are generating to the customer,
with better knowing the customer,
with better understanding
him.
Which will we use?
We will use metrics that are not
aggregated metrics, but are
metrics per customer.
And finally, we already understand
our customers, we have designed an
experience because we are able
to live the customer relationship
from their point of view, we have
the systems that allow us to
measure, in addition we have
incorporated metrics that naturally
orient us to be a more customer-
centric company, but the last thing
to do, which is basic, is that
the whole organization
creates it to you in this.
And the whole organization is
talking to you from the management
to absolutely every department,
the whole team.
Culture must be changed.
Another way to do this is to identify
those metrics that we have identified,
that we have incorporated,
to encourage the organization with
those metrics, that people do
not measure by sales, etc., that
everyone has those metrics
in their heads.
In addition, your salary
is conditioned on metrics that
are representative of the customer
experience or the customer'
s value much better.
This latter is not easy, that is,
aligning the organization is very
complicated, because usually partners
or managers are thinking about
the budget, are thinking
about sales, are thinking
about their bonus, etc.
And if we go down, the teams,
what the intermediate command
or people below really do
in what you are thinking
is in the work they have assigned
that day.
And that's your productivity measures
it so and in the end what happens
is that everyone, the entire
organization, seems to be getting
too far away from the customer.
This is the last of the challenges,
but it is absolutely basic.
The organization has to have in the
decision that the customer makes.